## header?

The end of the Mayan calendar means I can finally get some sleep.  Or perhaps the awakening is just about to kick in...  I feel tired and leaning on one side of inspired or the other until I discover in sober searching a blog at caligopress.com, which is written by the multi-dimensional (perhaps 5-dimensional) being we know - or I’ve always known - as Jerome Steegmans.  I’ve also taken up the habit of nicknaming this man over and over again... perhaps because he needs one for each dimension: multi-talented, hyper-intuitive, sensitive, possibly just neurotic enough to be a true poet or ‘writer’ in the company of a Bukowski or Brautigan, but unique, warm, friendly, helpful, vigilant, devoted, loyal, attentive, workmanlike in a classic frame of the great men of classic American cinema ala Gregory Peck; noble in pursuit of truth and always persisting in a crusade for awareness in spite of the constant wash of mindless acceptance of modernizing; a man in touch with himself enough keep in touch with the people that matter most.  So this blog is a discovery for me, and I recall some ideas that this man - whom I’ve recently nicknamed GirAfro because he’s tall and funky - and I hashed out over a 10-block walk from the Phoenix Hotel to our studio on Dore Alley.  There was mention of publishing the greatest entries of the hotel’s nighttime courtyard report as a kind of ‘Best Of’ compilation series, changing the names and room numbers to protect the (well, mostly guilty) to reveal stories that are stranger than fiction, scarier than horror, funnier than shit, and sometimes just ring out a note of poetry that no straight poet could ever do unless actually typing from behind the post that is the Phoenix Hotel’s lobby desk.  Another idea we kicked around was my fantasy of opening up a hotel in a loose model to what the Phoenix originally was: a run-down motel that gets a renaissance re-painting, remodeling, and refashioning for the purposes of welcoming in a whole new crop of folks who are seeking something a little different than the 4 bland star service at their typical destination.  The places that come to mind to set up such a thing are (in order of their plausibility) Lake Tahoe, Mendocino (the town inside the county, or perhaps just somewhere along the Mendocino Coast), Redding CA (I’ll explain later), and Joshua Tree / Palm Springs.  JeRomeo suggested I write my novel about this place.  I replied that I’ll have to live it first, put it up and make it exist.  But perhaps it should be the other way around.  Wet Dreams before the Dry Magic.  I’ve heard this story about Tommy Johnson, the original lead singer/guitarist for the Doobie Brothers, from my stepdad who was in rehab with him in the late 80s...  He said that Tommy wrote a song called ‘China Grove’ then years later, after the song was recorded and on the charts, the Doobie Brothers were on tour when they stumbled on a little part of a Texas city called ‘China Grove’ - not too far off from what Tommy had imagined & sang about in his song.  So believing is seeing sometimes.  So Jah-Rome was maybe right about writing this thing out first.  Especially since there’s no savings to throw into the fantasy yet, but writing is fantastically free - it’s a practice that can actually suspend you in time, curate your dreams or subconscious into the practical realms of observation whereupon they can be measured against a reality that is always subjective but moves like a reflecting translucent prism floating across a surface of murky waters like an iceberg unsure of its past or future.
